When I was growing up my parents always used to say
Pray about your spiritual goals
work hard and
then
Let Jehovah do the rest
So that's what I did
And wow did Jehovah pour out the blessing?
I even got invited to a branch construction project and
I was pretty excited
At first
Don't get me wrong. It was a privilege to be there
But the work was harder than I thought it would be
There were a lot of new skills to learn and I have to admit I
Really wanted to impress my overseer
So I pushed hard
Maybe a little too hard
See all that up there that only stick them down
Okay, do you think you can wrap this up before tomorrow? Sure thing. I'm on it
You can grab gin and young to give you a hand with the lift
Jins a pro he'll help you out. Got it
The job didn't look that hard and I mean I had the training
so
If I had waited for them there was no way we were going to get this done today
The fact is I had caused some real damage
And I made more work for everyone
Ian are you okay?
Yes, I'm fine
Do you have a minute to talk in my office? I felt like such a loser
The brothers talked to me and they were nice about it, but I was still left thinking
What am I doing here?
Maybe I should just go home
James 3 2 says
4 real stumble many times
But the real question is when we stumble and it is going to happen. What should we do then?
Yes, Jake
When dad was teaching me to ride my bike, I fell a lot and it was hard
But I just kept getting up and trying again
And now I can ride pretty fast
So you just have to get back up when you fall
Yes, that's right, that was a great comment
Wow, Jake, that's it
I had to swallow my pride and just get back up
I realized I needed to be more focused on the seriousness of my assignment
And not so focused on myself
And instead of trying to do everything myself
I set more realistic expectations
About what I could do and what I couldn't
I had a lot to learn
So I kept working and learning
And after a while, I even got to help train some of the new volunteers
In the end, I was so thankful to Jehovah
for helping me understand that in the race for life, none of us are going to cross the finish line without stumbling
The important thing is to get back up and just keep going
So you just have to get back up and just keep going